# the-checklist-to-optimize-your-seo
Points to check for each site to improve its SEO
Welcome to the the-checklist-to-optimize-your-seo wiki!

This checklist is given as an indication, it is a complete guide of natural referencing, you are of course not obliged to do everything...

The positioning of your page depends on 3 essential criteria: your choice of keywords, the creation of a superior content, the number of backlinks to your site that you will obtain.

This checklist is a set of strategies to check that you have done everything possible to be first on these three criteria.

It is possible to be first in the search engines without having all these criteria, so focus on what you can achieve

1.Keywords:
Put the targeted keyword (or term) in the first word of the title of the page to be referenced.

Put the keyword in the meta description of the page.

Use the keyword to reference at least 6 times on the page.

Place your keyword in the first 100 words of the page.

Optimize the "alt" and "title" attributes of images.

Create internal links of "anchor" types on the keywords of your page.

Fill in the "link titles" attributes (text of hovering over a link with the mouse).

Put keywords in the URL of your page/article. (yoursite.com/keyword)

Have a "short" and "elegant" url/page address.

Respect the order of keywords in a sentence.

Put your keyword (or phrase) key in the title tags H1, H2, H3.

Is your page positioned on an "easy/accessible" keyword.

Do not fill his page with all the keywords suggested by google.

Introduce a few long tail words/phrases (3 or 4) into your page.

Make an eye-catching meta description in 160 characters and repeating the keyword inside.

2. Create superior content:
Put at least 1 image in your page.
Write articles of more than 1000 words.
Offer a varied multimedia content (videos...)
Use bullets and numbered lists.
Create useful and actionable content.
Write headlines/magnetic titles.
Give real case studies/examples at each stage.
Is your content "cool" to share?
Did you write in good French (grammar, spelling, written expression)?
Have you made it easier to play with images, boxes, quotes, videos, etc?
Does the design of your page inspire authority?
Have you included profits in your subtitles?
3. Get backlinks
Use other Google products: inserting google analytics codes and Google webmaster tools on your site allows you to give more information to Google and therefore, improve the indexing of your site.
Varying the sources of links: we can never say it enough. A good link profile means links from various sources.
Ask those who mentioned you to add a link to your page.
Announce the release of your new page to your mailing list.
Use the site scoop.it and its influencers.
Citing your sources: Mentioning quality sources in your articles would play a role in positioning your pages.
Put your site in your internet profiles.
Share your page / article on social networks: Twitter, Facebook, Google+...
Have your page shared by influential people on social networks.
Submit a guest article on other blogs.
Create links in your page to quality sites in your theme.
Create a sitemap and communicate it to google.
Google's confidence indices:
Have annoying pages (legal notice, cgvs, about, etc.)

Reserve your domain name for at least 2 years.

Meet SSL and https standards

Have your information who.is public.

Have a domain, server, localized info.

Have other pages already well positioned in google.

Your site is mentioned on other sites, without necessarily having links to it.

You have a lot of direct traffic.

Your visitors return frequently.

Your page is updated frequently (evenif you only change a few words)

Backlinks from pages related to yours.

The growth curve of the number of links to your site is constant.

Your site is responsive design (Design compatible with mobile display)

Your site has a single IP, and is very fast.

A significant number of comments on your site.

A very low bounce rate.

Favorite on google chrome.

Things to avoid:
Coding errors, or outdated coding.
Broken/dead links.
Do too many link exchanges.
Have too much advertising on his page.
Have/link to questionable sites.
Buy fake subscribers.
Have duplicate content/text.
Have your articles generated by robots.
Make too many redirects 301
Over-optimize keywords.
Spam meta tags.
Get non-contextual links.
This checklist check was created by Cecile Hufnagel. Webmarketer and Freelancer. https://wikiclic.com/
